thank you for coming back to the show
mom told me I had to Governor Andrew
Cuomo I appreciate you coming on the
show I love you I'm proud of what you're
doing I know you're working hard for
your state but no matter how hard you're
working there's always time to call mom
she wants to hear from you just so you
know yeah I called mom I called mom and
that was where I came on this show that
was by the way she said I was her
favorite she never said good news is she
said you were her second favorite second
favorite son better than me
only on the basketball court never never
don't lie pop said that's what pop said
never he did not he did what he said you
never beat me what we should not once
he said Andrew has tremendous capability
he is blessed in many ways but he's got
hands like bananas and he can't play
ball everybody knows it just saying put
the money you know grated up and I'll
take you out and spank you last night I
was doing what I do for my family which
is make my mother's sauce she taught me
how to make this sauce which is
something that is very coveted and she
said I can only teach he not she he who
will carry it on best and you will see
the b-roll of me cooking my mother
called me and said is Andrew there I
said no mom I'm all alone here out on
the island with my family and she said
where is he and I said he's up in Aldie
in the house with the big gates and the
attack dog and she said oh that's too
bad
and I said it's okay mom I love him and
I'll make song for him too and she
started to cry and then I said goodbye
yes you've always been good at
manipulate you've always been good at
manipulation you've always been the
meatball of the family
[Music]
let me ask you something with all of
this adulation that you're getting for
doing your job are you thinking about
running for president tell the audience
no no no you won't answer
no I answer yes or no just one word I
said no have you thought about it no are
you open to thinking about it
no might you think about it at some
point no how can you know what you might
think about at some point right now
because I know what I might think about
and but I won't think about but you're a
great interviewer by the way appreciate
it learn from the best he is gonna be
fine
he's young in good shape strong not as
strong as he thinks but he will be fine
it's my best friend my father was always
working so it was always just me and
Chris where are you I'm in a place where
I am I'm in my face but we were are you
physically I mean we just said yes I am
are you a doctor what you spend a lot of
time there right Christina says she
sends you there a lot so kitchen and
basement that's where you spent like
okay here's what I'm trying did you have
in the basement because this is where I
had the availability to do this right
now
I need to be working at home that's why
I'm here and look some of us have to
work right I don't have the luxury of
working one hour a day god bless you
well HAP firstly it's a fun work more
than one hour a day that's all you
certainly have been working a lot and
I'll tell you what be careful I'm not
just because you look like you've been
burned in a lot of hours but you show up
in a lot of places and I know it gives
comfort to people but if you get sick
god forbid god forbid there's only one
of you right now and if you get sick
it's a problem so I know you like to run
around with your ill-fitting jacket but
just remember that you got to stay
healthy I need your big brother because
I love you and you're the
or the family which in the center of the
state right now also yeah but I have to
do my job and mama didn't raise an
armchair general in me anyway I'm not
gonna sit in my basement I say to the
National Guard every time before I go
out there I'll never ask you to go
anywhere that I won't go I'll never ask
you to do anything that I won't do so I
need to be out there doing my job you
stay where you are in the basement I
think it's very nice I love you be safe
call me sometime I have to be honest
this basement puts me in a bad position
and I am sitting in an armchair right
now
those are two terrible facts I'll talk
to you soon I'll send you some sauce
love your mom's secret oh yeah thanks
yeah yeah I know
meatball yeah yeah I heard it it's a
term of endearment in Italian circles to
be the meatball you can please make him
please hang up on him now
thank you very much he has a lot of work
to do is he gone he got he got meatball
is a term of endearment in any Italian
family they only call one song that and
it is the best thing you can be called
love you I do
the tension is real